Cache-Memcached-Fast version 0.02
=================================

Cache::Memcahced::Fast is a Perl client for memcached, a memory cache
daemon (http://www.danga.com/memcached/).  Module core is implemented
in C and tries hard to minimize number of system calls and to avoid
any key/value copying for speed.  As a result, it has very low CPU
consumption.

API is largely compatible with Cache::Memcached, original pure Perl
client, most users of the original module may start using this module
by installing it and adding "::Fast" to the old name in their scripts
(see "Compatibility with Cache::Memcached" section in the module
documentation for full details).

The module does not depend on any external library, it contains custom
memcached client implementation in C designed for efficient
interaction with Perl (actually client code has well defined generic
API and may be used by itself).

The module should compile and work on any Unix-derived system.  I
don't know whether it compiles and/or works on MS Windows.

Despite the low version number (which only reflects release history)
the module is very stable.  See "Compatibility with Cache::Memcached"
section in the module documentation for the description of what is
missing compared to Cache::Memcached.


INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

Don't forget to start memcahced daemon on local host port 11211 (the
default) before running 'make test'.


DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and software:

  ANSI C compiler to compile module core

  Test::More (required only to run tests)


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2007 by Tomash Brechko.  All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

When C client is used as a standalone library:

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.
